Questions:

1. If songs.db contains the top 100 songs of one listener from 2018, how would you characterize their audio aura?:

Analysis of the list of the listener's top 100 songs showed that average valence = 0.48, average energy = 0.66 and average danceability = 0.72.
Valence characterize musical positivity - in this case a neutral value means that there are both melanholic songs and joyful songs on the list.
The energy and danceability of the list is above average: the listener likes rhythmic and upbeat songs. 
The color of the aura can be defined as a mixture of purple (energized) and yellow (the neutrality of the music helps to concentrate more). 

Purple: This aura color pairs well with passionate music listeners. Purple auras tune in to get amped up, entertained, and moving while they navigate the twists and turns of their day. 
Green: Calm, analytical, and introspective are the traits that describe a green aura. These listeners gravitate toward complex music to tame their fast-moving minds. 
Pink: Often described as the hopeless romantics of the aura spectrum, pinks view the world with a sense of optimistic, childlike wonder. 
Orange: Oranges are the rebellious and bold type. They share a need for high-energy, confidence-boosting sounds. 
Yellow: Yellows like their music to align them to the goals of their day, fueling their need for focus, motivation, and self improvement all while reducing any nerves that could get in the way. 
Blue: Blues are wistful or emotional, and this hue reflects listeners who seek out music to feel their feelings out loud. 

2. Hypothesize about why the way you’ve calculated this aura might not be very representative of the listener. What better ways of calculating this aura would you propose?:

Analysis of the calculation of the aura by three indicators is not quite effective, because it according to the average valence, energy, and danceability covers only part of the content of the songs. 
The following parameters should also be taken into account in calculating average values: tempo, loudness, speechiness. 
The tempo is a better way to determine whether the user likes to listen to a calm or fast song. 
A fast tempo (purple or orange aura) is suitable for more energetic action, while calm music (green or yellow aura) makes you slow down and reflect on your own. 
Loudness identifies whether a song is quiet or upbeat. Intense and impulsive tracks have high volume. 
They should be attributed to the orange aura. While melancholic or sad music is quieter, which corresponds to the blue aura. 
The presence of words in a song shows whether the listener wants to listen to the huge lyrics or just the melody that doesn't distract from thoughts. 
One of the characteristics of complex music (green aura) can be called large lyrics: many verses and choruses. 
Light music (pink aura) usually contains a minimum of verses and more chorus.